h2. Deploy local bbs to remote

Components: ucenter, bbs

Local: 
  Export data from mysql
  Compress and upload sql and files
Remote: 
  Import data into mysql
  Decompress
  Create apache config
  Update config.inc.php

h2. Customize it to support SGF attachments and show games

h3. show games

viewthread.php 497
	// CAO
	$extrahead = '<link rel="stylesheet" href="/jsgameviewer/build/compressed.css"/><script language="JavaScript" type="text/javascript" src="/jsgameviewer/js/jquery-1.3.2.min.js"></script><script language="JavaScript" type="text/javascript" src="/jsgameviewer/build/compressed.js"></script>';

Modify discuz code [sgf] (界面 » 编辑器设置)
<script language='JavaScript'>new jsGameViewer.GameController().load('{1}');</script>

h3. support SGF attachments

attachment.php

templates/default/discuzcode.htm
From
	<!--{if !isset($attach['unpayed'])}-->
To
  <!--{if strstr(strtolower($attach['filename']), '.sgf') !== FALSE}-->
	<p><a href="/bbs/attachment.php?aid=$aidencode">&#19979;&#36733;&#26827;&#35889;</a></p>
  	<script language='JavaScript'>new jsGameViewer.GameController().load('/bbs/attachment.php?aid=$aidencode');</script>
	<!--{elseif !isset($attach['unpayed'])}-->

h3. Rename register.php to avoid spam

h2. Upgrade forum from Discuz 6.0 to 7.1

Download UCenter 1.5.0 SC UTF8 (SC = Simplified Chinese)
Unzip, copy upload to /public_html, rename to ucenter
Change owner to _www (or whichever user that apache runs as)
(If already installed, recreate database and remove ucenter/data/install.lock)
Install with database=ucenter, write down creator's password

Download Discuz 7.1 SC UTF8
Unzip, copy upload to /public_html, rename to bbs
(If already installed, recreate database and remove bbs/forumdata/install.lock)
Install with database=bbs, table prefix: discuz

Download data from daoqigame.com (export from admin control panel, in UTF)
In mysql
  drop database bbs;
  create database bbs;
Load data (restore_db prefix_for_sql_files)

Upgrade data
/bbs/upgrade10.php    (6.0 -> 6.1)
/bbs/upgrade11.php    (6.1 -> 7.0)
  Comment out code that check Discuz code version == 7.0
/bbs/upgrade12.php    (7.0 -> 7.1)

Copy avatars from daoqigame.com
Copy attachments from daoqigme.com

Problem: attachments does not display
http://www.discuz.net/thread-1422498-1-1.html - does not work

h3. Consolidated repetitive steps

echo drop database ucenter | mysql1
echo drop database bbs | mysql1
cd ~/Sites/ucenter
rm data/install.lock
Install ucenter ->  http://localhost/ucenter/install/index.php
cd ~/Sites/bbs
rm forumdata/install.lock
Install Discuz  ->  http://localhost/bbs/install/index.php
echo drop database bbs | mysql1
echo create database bbs | mysql1
cd ~/proj/forum/backup/backup_1022
restore_db 091022_test
Upgrade from 6.0 to 6.1  ->  http://localhost/bbs/upgrade10.php
  (Choose merge users on second screen)
Upgrade from 6.1 to 7.0  ->  http://localhost/bbs/upgrade11.php
Upgrade from 7.0 to 7.1  ->  http://localhost/bbs/upgrade12.php
Verify forums, posts and attachments

h2. TODO

h3. Setup local copy

* Import data
* Copy attachments and gravatars
* Styles

h3. Deploy

h3. Domain change (necessary?)


h2. MISC

find . | egrep 'htm|php' | xargs ls -l | grep -v 'Oct 15  2007' 

find *.php templates/default include | egrep 'htm|php' | xargs ls -l | grep -v 'Oct 15  2007'  | cut -c 52- | xargs mate

h3. Backup bbs code (TODO: copy all except images, avatars and attachments)

cd && rm -rf code
mkdir -p code/include code/templates/default
cd /data/apps/bbs/current
find *.php templates/default include/*.php | egrep 'htm|php' | xargs ls -l | grep -v 'Oct 15  2007'  | cut -c 52- | xargs -I % cp -R % ~/code/%
cd && tar czf code.tgz code

h3. Backup bbs images and attachments

Avatars conversion:

http://faq.comsenz.com/viewnews-825
